Ye Longyuan, you are so big
You dare to destroy the throne of the Lord God
Ye Longyuan, you recruit yourself to death
Don't burden our neighbor
Ye Longyuan, you even dare to destroy the throne of the Lord God
No one can save you today
This is the performance of the pinnacle of martial arts
This mother and daughter are really blind
let go
Who allowed you to roar in front of me?
Ye Longyuan, today you ruined my Longmen banquet
Waiting for the Lord God and Qingluan to arrive
I will definitely tell them about it.
Yes, tell God
Let God handle his sins
Come and prepare a new throne for the Lord God
Needless to say
Tonight's Dragon Gate Banquet is cancelled
Our Lin family has no chance of taking off
You're doing this again
Cancel if you say cancel
Do you think you are a god?
Longyuan, let's go
Our Tang family has a close relationship with Tianmen
I will definitely protect you.
Wait for me to stop
Broke the throne of God
You want to just walk away?
Just accompany me here and wait for the Lord to sin
You're wrong. I hired him
I haven't seen your neighbor regret betting
Tianmen Kunlun Hall Qingluan Sacred King Sword